Promptless jack-in and connect (#2102)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/site/connect-sequences.md

* `name`: (required) This will show up in the Jack-in quick-pick menu when you start Jack-in (see above).
* `projectType`: (required) This is either "Leiningen”, ”deps.edn”, ”shadow-cljs”, ”lein-shadow”, "Gradle", or ”generic".

> * `autoSelect`: A boolean.If true, this sequence will be automatically selected, suppressing the Project Type menu when connecting to a REPL or Jacking in. Use together with `projectRootPath` to also suppress the Project Root menu. Add usage of `menuSelections` to go for a prompt-less REPL connection. If you have more than one sequence with `autoSelect` set to true, the first one will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `autoSelect`: A boolean. If true, this sequence will be automatically selected, suppressing the Project Type menu when connecting to a REPL or Jacking in. Use together with `projectRootPath` to also suppress the Project Root menu. Add usage of `menuSelections` to go for a prompt-less REPL connection. If you have more than one sequence with `autoSelect` set to true, the first one will be used.
```

> * `projectRootPath`: An array of path segments leading to the root of the project for which this connect sequence should go with. Use together with `autoSelect` to suppress the Project Root menu. The path can be absolute or relative to the workspace root. If there are several Workspace Folders, the workspace root is the path of the first folder. So relative paths will only work for this first folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `projectRootPath`: An array of path segments leading to the root of the project to which this connect sequence corresponds. Use together with `autoSelect` to suppress the Project Root menu. The path can be absolute or relative to the workspace root. If there are several Workspace Folders, the workspace root is the path of the first folder, so relative paths will only work for this first folder.
```

The [Calva built-in sequences](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/blob/published/src/nrepl/connectSequence.ts) also use this format, check them out to get a clearer picture of how these settings work.

!!! Note "Path segments"

>     `projectRootPath` and `nReplPortFile` both take an array of path segments. This is to make the paths wor cross-platform. If you can't be bothered splitting up the path in segments, put the whole path in the first segment, though please note that if you use Windows path separators, these will not work for users with Linux or macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `projectRootPath` and `nReplPortFile` both take an array of path segments. This is to make the paths work cross-platform. If you can't be bothered splitting up the path in segments, put the whole path in the first segment, though please note that if you use Windows path separators, these will not work for users with Linux or macOS.
```

## Example Sequences

> Wether you just want to speed up your workflow, or encode some workflow/mechanics into it, there's often that you can create a custom sequence that helps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you just want to speed up your workflow or encode some workflow/mechanics into it, it's often the case that you can create a custom sequence that helps.
```

See [shadow-cljs + Clojure with Calva: The basics](https://blog.agical.se/en/posts/shadow-cljs-clojure-cljurescript-calva-nrepl-basics/) for how Calva and nREPL work with ClojureScript.

### Polylith

> This is the connect sequence used in the [Polylith Real World App](https://github.com/furkan3ayraktar/clojure-polylith-realworld-example-app). It let's you jack-in to the project, and starts the Real World App without any prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the connect sequence used in the [Polylith Real World App](https://github.com/furkan3ayraktar/clojure-polylith-realworld-example-app). It lets you jack-in to the project, and starts the Real World App without any prompts.
```

```json
    "calva.replConnectSequences": [
        {
            "projectType": "deps.edn",
            "afterCLJReplJackInCode": "(require '[dev.server] :reload) (in-ns 'dev.server) (start! 6003)",
            "name": "Polylith RealWorld Server REPL",
            "autoSelect": true,
            "projectRootPath": ["."],
            "cljsType": "none",
            "menuSelections": {
                "cljAliases": ["dev", "test"]
            }
        }
    ],
    "calva.autoConnectRepl": true,
```

> The `calva.autoConnectRepl` config makes Calva, at project open, look for the nRepl port file and automatically connect the repl if the file exists. Meaning you can leave the app running when you close the project in VS Code, and Calva will reconnect when you open the project again. (Or maybe you just need to reload the VS Code window, and not loose the REPL state.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `calva.autoConnectRepl`, when set to `true`, makes Calva, at project open, look for the nRepl port file and automatically connect the repl if the file exists. Therefore, you can leave the app running when you close the project in VS Code, and Calva will reconnect when you open the project again. (Alternatively, maybe you just need to reload the VS Code window and not lose the REPL state.)
```
